Add docs for Data grid 2 module (#3155)
mendix/docs: content/appstore/modules/data-grid-2.md

{{% alert type="warning" %}}
If you have a dynamic cell class being applied it will have precedence over the row class.
{{% /alert %}}

In this example we check the value of `StringAttribute and` then apply the class `.my-name-class` if the attribute is equal to `my name` to the row.

![Example of dynamic row class](attachments/data-grid-2/dynamic-row-class.png)

## Events
The new data grid can trigger some events while iterating with it.

### On Click Action
Triggers an actions (nanoflow, microflow, show page, etc) when the user clicks in one of the rows. It also adds a pointer cursor to each like to represents it is clickable. This function also comply with accessibility and can be reachable by using your keyboard.

## Filters
The new data grid offers a set of filters to be used in combination of the data grid. To be able to use filters you need to check the option “_Show column filters_”. When this option is checked it will appear in each column header a dropzone where you can place your desired filter widget.

{{% alert type="warning" %}}
The type of your selected attribute should match the filter type. Example: A “Text filter” should be used for a String attribute.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Is this the syntax? because they don't show up like alerts in Github preview.

Author: Yes, its syntax for alerts in the build system for the docs

Author: It will result in something similar to this
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45102481/112286405-94386a00-8c8b-11eb-9c9a-51bf55dc36ec.png)

![Settings for data grid 2](attachments/data-grid-2/settings-show-column-filters.png)

Example of dropzones for filters in Structure mode:

![Example of dropzones for filters in Structure mode](attachments/data-grid-2/dropzones-for-filters.png)

### Date Filter
![Example of  default Date filter look & feel](attachments/data-grid-2/date-filter.png)

It allows users to match date attributes based on predefined criterias. The criterias here can be:

- Greater than
- Greater than or equal
- Equal
- Not equal
- Smaller than
- Smaller than or equal

You can select your filter criteria in the settings of Date Filter.

> ![Date filter settings](attachments/data-grid-2/date-filter-settings.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![Date filter settings](attachments/data-grid-2/date-filter-settings.png)
```

So that the text and image are not on the same line

![Example of settings for drop-down filter](attachments/data-grid-2/dropdown-filter-settings.png)

When adding a new option, the following properties are required:

* **Caption** — The text being rendered for each option in the drop-down.
* **Value** — The corresponding value that will be compared, if a value is being compared with an enumeration, it should match exactly the enumeration value. This property allows the usage of expression (you can use conditionals to apply dynamic values).

![Example of settings for new option](attachments/data-grid-2/dropdown-filter-item.png)

This widget also allows multiple selections by selecting **Multiselect** in the settings. Multiple selections can look like this:

![Example of multi select drop-down filter](attachments/data-grid-2/dropdown-filter-multiselect.png)

You can also define the empty option caption, which will be rendered as the first item if **Multiselect** if set as **No**. It allows users to clean the filter if pressed.

### 8.3 Number Filter

![Example of default number filter](attachments/data-grid-2/number-filter.png)

> The **Number filter** allows users to match date attributes based on these predefined criteria:

Author: ```suggestion
The **Number filter** allows users to match decimal, integer and long attributes based on these predefined criteria:
```

> The **Number filter** allows users to match date attributes based on these predefined criteria:

Author: ```suggestion
The **Number filter** allows users to match decimal, integer, and long attributes based on these predefined criteria:
```

* Equal
* Not equal
* Smaller than
* Smaller than or equal

You can select your filter criteria in the **Number Filter** settings:

![Number filter settings](attachments/data-grid-2/number-filter-settings.png)

When **Adjustable by user** is defined as **No** it will not render the option to choose the filter type in the widget.

Here is an example of available filter types for **Number Filter**:

![Filter types for number filter](attachments/data-grid-2/number-filter-types.png)

Here is an example of **Number Filter** with **Adjustable by user** set as **No**:

![Example of number filter with “Adjustable by user” set as No](attachments/data-grid-2/number-filter-not-adjustable.png)

You can also define the default value of the widget, which will be predefined as initial value when opening your data grid page.

To have better control of when the filter will be applied, we offer a **Apply after (ms)** option under the **On change behavior** group. This option will only trigger the filter after a predefined period of time while typing. By default, we suggest 500ms.

### 8.4 Text Filter

![Example of default text filter](attachments/data-grid-2/text-filter.png)

> **Text filter** allows users to match date attributes based on these predefined criteria:

Author: ```suggestion
**Text filter** allows users to match string attributes based on these predefined criteria:
```

You can also define the empty option caption, which will be rendered as the first item if “_Multiselect_” if set as **No**. It allows users to clean the filter if pressed.

### Number Filter

![Example of default number filter](attachments/data-grid-2/number-filter.png)

> It allows users to match date attributes based on these predefined criteria:

Author: @ConnorLand this sentence is wrong. Number filter doesnt work with date

Reviewer 2: This is weird, maybe I copy/pasted something incorrectly. Thanks, I'll fix it.

Author: 👍

To have a better control of when the filter will be applied we offer a “_Apply after (ms)_“ option under “_On change behavior_” group. This option will just trigger the filter after a predefined period of time while typing. By default, we suggest 500ms.

### Text Filter

![Example of default text filter](attachments/data-grid-2/text-filter.png)

> It allows users to match date attributes based on these predefined criteria:

Author: Same comment here, it only works with String attributes

Reviewer 2: This is weird, maybe I copy/pasted something incorrectly. Thanks, I'll fix it.

Author: 👍
